we know they are there and who they are under but
we want them to come up
the experience of catching them afloat is one
unique thing
only they manage to blow up
water in this way
but be a boy who just saw the
video wanted to come fishing with us
how then does waxes first
one day on the clear then first thing
exact only
Second thing is to send an email to vis
cube tv snail gmail.com
our official e-mail contact us
because from now on we will have a
whistle guide service for structures
you know but it must be you and me
we will bring people to lend and I also know
that we provide you with ours
complete equipment then artificial
rods and reels and our two boats
his is mine so we can do
even more people on the same day
exactly this potentially those
that we can bring 1 2 3 4 5 thousand ninth
Average introduction and all of you will have
the opportunity to fish this
wonderful fish you saw in the
video in this paradise is already
faithful together with two like you who is
but a beautiful thing can be beautiful
We 'll wait for a drink
I recommend contacted via email